<style>body {width: 500px}</style>

Manga ChapterReader
===================

A Userscript for [mangareader.net](http://mangareader.net) which loads a full
chapter for easier reading. It uses [jQuery](http://jquery.com) and works in
(AFAIK) Firefox 3.6+ (Greasemonkey), Firefox 4b+ (Scriptish), and Chromium
(tested in 9+). It is checked for quality using Crockford's [JSLint](http://jslint.com).

It displays the full chapter in a simple monochrome interface with many options,
including the ability to cache already visited chapters for faster loading,
changing the background colour from white to black, toggling hotkeys, and forcing
the image width to 800 pixels (for small/laptop screens).

It is the only script of its kind to indirectly support the manga site, by displaying
the site's own ads at the bottom of the page. Of course, this behaviour can be
disabled too.

Mangareader.net has undergone a redesign not long ago, and some of its manga kept
the old URL format; this script can cater for both without any problems. It is
actively maintained, with two editions available: a stable, but somewhat outdated,
script available on [userscripts.org](http://userscripts.org/scripts/show/83107),
and the [bleeding edge](http://passcod.cz.cc/pages/manga-chapterreader), which
has new features but may be unstable.

It does not yet offer a manga dropdown (like OneManga Full Chapter Reader did),
but that may be coming sooner or later. For the moment, you have to manually
browse the manga site and find your manga. There are many features in the works,
most only at the design stage yet, but if you really want a feature or a fix as
soon as possible, the best way is to [file a ticket](https://bitbucket.org/passcod/scrap.book/issues/).

A userbase survey was conducted in December 2010, which data is still available
[here](http://passcod.cz.cc/items/survey.php). The main conclusion to be drawn 
is that there is on average a hundred people using the script every day. It's not
bad!

Here is a changelog of the versions which were released from the beginning
onwards. The version format is y.z: e.g. 10.354 is was released on the 354th day
of 2010. The `.edge` versions are bleeding edge only.

11.1
----

* STABLE
* Fixed: Chapter reset when using both select and prev/next.

10.360.edge
-----------

* Options reset.
* Listing of cache contents and sizes, including % used.


10.354.edge
-----------

* Better status display.
* Ads: support mangareader.net
* Removed Preloading option.
* Cleaner caching.
* No more /$*.^/ problem
* Namespaced

10.337
------

* STABLE (ish) RELEASE 
* For the bleeding edge, go to [http://passcod.cz.cc/pages/manga-chapterreader] 
* There will be no further development for a while after this release.
Eventually, when the bleeding edge will start to stabilize, I will merge it to stable.

10.336
------

* Mangalink -- link to manga description page 
* Full resolution for large images (option) 
* Page list caching -- so going back a chapter takes very little loading time. 

10.335
------

* Permalink -- link to the current chapter. Can act as a bookmark. 
* 'Show First' option -- Show the first page of the chapter while loading it. 
* Fix concerning the color. I tested it on XP and realised you couldn't see the
  buttons' text in black mode... sorry! 
* See https://bitbucket.org/passcod/scrap.book/ for details.

10.333
------

Many changes, including a new 'Options' panel, persistent options, better chapter listing, etc. 

10.331b
-------

* Achieved compatibility with Firefox 3.x and Chromium (nightlies).

10.331
------

* All old features are now implemented. 
* Recognizes old URLs and redirects to new.

10.330b
-------

* Using jQuery 1.4.2 instead of the latest (1.4.4)

10.330
------

* Implemented basic features: loads all pages in the chapter.

10.329
------

* Complete rewrite. Doesn't work yet.

10.300
------

* Server hosting jQuery shut down, now uses another one. Hope it works.

10.227c
-------

* Fixed: Last chapter alert said 'first'. 
* Now silently fails when not on chapter page. 
* Fixed: The script was silently failing when firebug was not open (on my linux box with a daily).

10.227b
-------

* Chapters are now loaded using XHR.

10.227
------

* Changed Chapter select 
* Now all page changes are done through js, not links (preparing for ajax). 
* Title is simplified

10.226b
-------

* Fixed: typo in @require stopped script from installing

10.226
------

* Shortened navbar 
* Now uses jQuery (own hosted version) 
* Can switch between black and white

10.225
------

* Have fixed navbar instead of top/bottom links.

Roadmap
=======

(from 10.354)

* __10.354 [DONE]__ Minor Rewrite: Namespace, full support for old URLs, separate
  cache from options, erase broken Preloading trial and introduced variables.

* __10.360 [DONE]__ Better chapter handling in non-continuous cases. Cache size
  display. Stabilizing and Testing. RC for STABLE.

* __11.1 [DONE]__ STABLE RELEASE. (Released earlier than 1 Jan, to allow for caching).

* __11.? [TODO]__ Controls revamp (Checklist style); Cache listing.

* __11.?? [TODO]__ Preloading

* __11.33 [TODO]__ STABLE RELEASE.

* __11.?? [TODO]__ Manga Select & Bookmarking.

* __11.111 [TODO]__ STABLE RELEASE.
